Prompt : Oversight of media and personal expression is an important part of any mature society

    A case can be made that western countries have been leading in both the expansion of technological innovations as well as the economic
scenes for the past several decades due to their freedom of personal expression and lack of media oversight. There are countless other reasons that
can be given by many technologies and economist as well but this is one of the reasons that stand out. From the small beginnings of the United States of America
with Thomas Jefferson being it's president and declaring an end to morchacism and continuation of multi-partisan politics, to the past decades of admission of
great minds like Elon Musk, who clearly offers his opinions and pushes the limits of free speech, and to the most recent failures of China to express the 
honesty of the Covid outbreak, we can see that the media needs to be allowed to do what it is supposed to do, offer coverage of events to the masses without contempt
or fear of being censored.
    Thomas Jefferson was one of the first presidents of the United States of America. Before being elected as president, he served as a diplomat as well as the vice
president of America in 1979. He led the country through free speech and liberty. He was one of the founding fathers who wrote the declaration of independence. Under his
lead, America thrived as a nation. One of the most notable events occured at his house, where he had invited multiple politicians for supper. On the table was a newspaper
decrying his governance. There was a certain french diplomat that was suppering with him as well. He quippped, "How dare you Mr persident allow such things at your table".
It is said that Jefferson replied, "That is what makes America what it is now". Thus allowing the media to report freely opened the doors to the freedom that many so enjoy 
in America.
    Elon Musk is the richest man in the entire world as of this writing. He was born in South Africa and migrated to America at the begining of his adulthood. He brought many
creative endevours with him. He is a skilled entrepreneur, adept at his trade. His skills are not sureptious but come from arduous labor. Being among the presidents aides, he is
contastly covered by the media. He has been slandered by them countless times. They have even attacked his personal life when he was facing divorce. Yet, these attacks have 
pushed him to the great mind that he is now. From seeing him vulnureable and crying during a tv interview, to seeing his relaxed grace and panache now as a middle aged man, it is
quite clear that he has grown and blossomed into a successful entrepreneur.
    Thus, the freedom of media speech and personal expression have spearheaded the country with the highest GDP to further growth. It is due to great minds of the leaders in 
America that the country keeps growing. One characteristic that they encourage is lack of media oversight and freedom of personal expression.